Rice2000 deposits revisions (#55)
stellar/new-docs: content/docs/enabling-deposit-and-withdrawal/setting-up-test-server.mdx

If authentication is required, it should be handled before kicking off the deposit by the server hosting the interactive flow, usually using a one-time-use JWT to start a backend persistent session as described in the [previous section](link). If you use Polaris, authentication is handled for you.

When the flow is finished, the webapp should respond to the callback given by the client. This can be either a javascript `postMessage` call or a call to a wallet-provided URL. In native apps, this URL can have a custom protocol to call back to the opening app.

### Implementing the Interactive Webapp Interface

> The webappis an interface that collects any information you need from the user, including KYC requirements and deposit information, such as amount. It doesn’t have to be complicated, but to provide a seamless user experience that aligns with wallets’ expectations, it should follow the UX guidelines described in this [Github repo](link). If you’ve already collected information from this user, you can either skip these screens or pre-fill them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webapp is an interface that collects any information you need from the user, including KYC requirements and deposit information, such as amount. It doesn’t have to be complicated, but to provide a seamless user experience that aligns with wallets’ expectations, it should follow the UX guidelines described in this [Github repo](link). If you’ve already collected information from this user, you can either skip these screens or pre-fill them.
```
